the American Sonics Association hosted
its seventh annual fly-in this year from
Friday October 8th
to Sunday October 10th at the Crossville
Memorial Airport founding member John
Davis and a group of volunteers spent
months planning and organizing one of
the largest Sonic's gatherings in the
United States the city of Crossville is
located in the heart of Tennessee and is
situated atop the Cumberland Plateau
west of the Appalachian Mountains the
airport is conveniently located a few
miles west of town and features a 5,400
foot long east-west runway the aasa'
flyin provides pilots and builders a
great place to exchange information and
ideas about the Sonics family of
aircraft it is the perfect environment
to learn from others even their past
building experience many of the pilots
provide help in encouragement to future
Sonics owners Friday was abuzz with
activity as the majority of pilots
arrived with plenty of time to talk and
swap stories among friends
most of the pilots flew in from
surrounding states but two pilots flew a
rather long distance to attend the event
Aaron Knight came from far away as
Massachusetts and Bob Cartman's from
Texas
one of the best things about attending
the fly-in has seen all of the different
types of Sonic's aircraft even though
the plans are the same no two are built
alike it's amazing to see the vast
customization and ingenuity that many
builders include in their aircraft
after arriving in Crossville many pilots
find it irresistible to stay on the
ground for too long as the surrounding
area provides some amazing views for
scenic flights about 10 miles southeast
of Crossville is walled and rich which
marched the eastern edge of the
Cumberland Plateau King fountain is the
highest point along the ridge rising
just over 3,000 feet high the unique
drop-offs are created by the sea
kwok-che River carving its way through
the valley floor the view flying high
above the countryside is filled with a
nice mix of farm fields lakes and
forests
the beautiful weather continued into
Saturday morning with clear blue skies
and temperatures in the 60s the winds
were columns 12 airplanes textured into
position to the part runway two six for
the morning dawn patrol the early
morning flight provided builders and
friends with a great chance at seeing
the airplanes in action
after the dawn patrol was complete a few
last-minute airplanes arrived and took
their place on the tarmac a total of 29
Sonic's aircraft in over a hundred and
forty attendees filled around for a
one-of-a-kind photo opportunity
the rest of the day was filled with
several flybys scenic flights and 45
demo rides for prospective and current
builders
great aircraft and even greater people
made for a wonderful weekend flying
pilots and builders should seriously
consider attending next year as this is
one of the premier Sonic's client's
around the country
you